br: add link to snapshot backup&restore metrics (#19307)
pingcap/docs: br/br-monitoring-and-alert.md

This document describes the monitoring and alert of the backup and restore feature, including how to deploy monitoring components, monitoring metrics, and common alerts.

## Snapshot backup and restore monitoring

> Please go to the [Grafana-TiKV-Details-Dashboard](/grafana-tikv-dashboard#backup--import) to check the snapshot backup and restore metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the snapshot backup and restore metrics, go to the [**TiKV-Details** > **Backup & Import** dashboard](/grafana-tikv-dashboard#backup--import) in Grafana.
```
